Add changelog and update note about sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph/pull/2298 (#19745)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/updates/kubernetes.md

<!-- GENERATE UPGRADE GUIDE ON RELEASE (release tooling uses this to add entries) -->

## 3.26 -> 3.27

> > NOTE: ⚠️ We have update our default replicas for `sourcegraph-frontend` and `precise-code-intel-worker` to 2. If you use a custom value, make sure you do not merge the replica change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: ⚠️ We have updated the default replicas for `sourcegraph-frontend` and `precise-code-intel-worker` to 2. If you use a custom value, make sure you do not merge the replica change.
```

If you are using an external database, [upgrade your database](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/postgres#upgrading-external-postgresql-instances) to Postgres 12.6 or above prior to upgrading Sourcegraph. No action is required if you are using the supplied supplied database images.

> > Warning: ⚠️ We have updated the default replicas for `sourcegraph-frontend` and `precise-code-intel-worker` to 2. If you use a custom value, make sure you do not merge the replica change.

Author: ```suggestion
> Warning: ⚠️ We have updated the default replicas for `sourcegraph-frontend` and `precise-code-intel-worker` to `2`. If you use a custom value, make sure you do not merge the replica change.
```
